very good to all the boys and girls
here goes a recommendation this is about
code box a web page through the
which are you going to be able to buy our
digital codes for video games worth
for example to give an example
playstation network cards that is
what will I do now let
to try to buy the card 20
euros worth of playstation network that in
this page is cheaper, it's worth
that's why I recommend this page because
it has quite affordable prices not
only in this that I just said
but also in a lot of titles
set the price of microsoft points
As you can see it is cheaper
than in any establishment by
So much I think it deserves the
sorry so let's buy this 20's
euros that will cost us 18.99 has a
5 percent discount and the first
What I'm going to do is get into the
page but accessing with my account
twitter is worth it because I do this very
simple because everything you buy if
I agree with my twitter account
to be registered in my account of the
own page
and we had our own account in the
page and we can access all the
codes then for it then I would
then with my twitter is worth brics 23 the
password obviously we're going to
teach because I do not want that twitter is
with me with my account but good
we started our session and
we are already achieved automatically in
the page vales is very simple I
I think it's pretty easy then
now we're not going to playstation
network is worth the playstation section
network to see what offers we have and
below we have those cards
playstation network cards
money look very good in the case of my
country in Spain because I get the
Spanish card is worth 18 with 99 is what
what it costs and then I'm going to click on
buy icon is worth that green icon
what are you seeing and right now
we wait a little bit to see
how do we effectively enter the page
of buying the card itself in this
occasion what we have to do is
pay as we want I always pay with
paypal I always recommend it to everything
the world this page
also accepts paypal because very simple
click on who has paid with
paypal you know how this works
we create a real paypal account
which is highly recommended for all
you send your email
of paypal your password this is already
As it is any purchase worth you give to
enter and automatically then it's going to
appear this
we send the the payment is worth in this
good case, I had a small
discount code separately and that's why
you see that it appears there but with 99
but the price would be 18 with 99 euros
this playstation network card and it
process that
that order you see right now is already
is complete we have bought
our key makes it our kate
playstation and playstation network and there
we have the code that we just finished
to buy good, you do not buy it
You see why I have covered it so that
to be able to use it personally and
If you give scan a picture appears
of the original code worth of the scratch that
that is sold in stores because they are
they really are original codes
totally reliable the page so there
you have that advice you are going to find
lots of offers besides and even in
video games code box remember